# First version

A platform that helps the UM aréna admins organize competitions and manage applications to them.
There are two types of users: administrators and regular event attendees (let's call them players). Administrators can also be players of competitions.

Competitions can only be created and managed by administrators. A competition can have an upper limit of players that can join. After that is reached, new players are only eligible to sign up for a waitlist. After an application is sent, the player automatically gets an email that states whether their application was successful or not. A player can view whether he already applied. Players can withdraw their application - if they do so and there are players on the waitlist, they automatically get their applications approved and an email about it.

When a player signs up, they need to fill in the following information:

- player name
- player email (should be autocompleted through some kind of login or as a standalone field)
- (optional) discord username
- (optional) additional information (e.g. extra fields for 2v2)
- (optional) consent to show user under the competition as "Going"

When an application is submitted, its timestamp should be stored (important mostly for the waitlist).

When a competition is created, the following information should be added:

- event name
- background photo
- application deadline
- description (probably best in markdown)
- player cap (optional)
- additional fields and their labels the applicants should fill

Administrators should have the following privileges:

- they can view each applicant for a competition
- they can decline applications (also communicated sending an email about it)
- see a list of users on the platform (?)
- an admin can turn another user into an administrator

Users should be automatically created for someone who applied to a competition (through email verification) - hopefully can be handled by Clerk.
Users have the option to log in with Discord and apply that way.
Merging discord and email-based users should be handled.

Email sending should be implemented using Resend.
